ELIZABETH: Can you imagine
how many meetings and discussions
it took to get this thing made?
Apparently, there was an argument
to make the structure a log cabin.
- Seriously?
- Yeah.
- Pretty big cabin.
- Mm-hmm.
Why won't Russell answer my text?
JASON: Um, other than helping run
the most powerful country
in the world?
I never ask for anything,
but I need a Monday off
- in two months.
- What for?
Emma Feldman's wedding,
in Turks and Caicos.
Ah.
Can people stop with the
destination weddings?
Hey, who remembers
the actual occasion for...
the Gettysburg Address?
Don't make it school, honey.
They used to like it.
Well, then they grew up.
We've lived here almost four years.
This is the first time
doing D.C. as a family...
You thought they'd like it. Me, too.
But we forgot... they have lives.
They have phones. Their lives happen
- on phones.
- I hate that.
Oh. Go ahead,
- but there's no point.
- I hate that, too.
God! Why has no one
checked my blog post
about the history of the poncho?
It's, like, everyone
wants to be in it,
but no one wants
to know where it came from.
- Huh. Funny that. Okay, come on,
- (ELIZABETH LAUGHS)
Vietnam Memorial. Let's go.
- (GROANS)
- No, please.
- One memorial and you're done?
- No,
it's just, like, the wall
is gonna be so heavy.
Can we, like, break it up
- with something fun, maybe?
- Yeah, sure,
we'll go directly
to the statue memorializing
what fun it was forming a democracy.
Yeah, okay, okay, we need a
break and maybe some food.
I know a fun place that's nearby,
and we can look at the cherry
blossoms on the way. Come on.
Gift from the Japanese
government in 1912.
- Stop teaching. Stop teaching.
- That's what I do.
Oh!
It's a little long.
Really?
Inches.
Inches inside.
Receiver's call.
Gentlemen's game, dude. Right?
Okay, Viscount.
Try this.
Nice.
Breeze helped you out a little.
- I can feel it.
- Yeah.
More like the breeze of the ball
saying, "Don't bother."
Yeah. Come on.
Okay, Waffles, water break.
Here.
- Come on and drink. Oh.
- Uh...
(LAUGHING)
Sorry. Thor just has to
meet every dog in the park
before he does his business.
- Thor?
- Yeah.
Oh, I'm sorry, cutie,
but you are not a Thor.
Right? He was already
named when I rescued him.
Oh, I-I rescued Waffles, too.
Waffles? Seriously?
Uh-huh. A bomb-
sniffing-school washout.
Named after a fancy pancake.
- Oh, are you in the Bureau?
- No, State.
Is your husband in State, too?
I'm not married.
I'm kind of single mom'ing it.
Oh. I'm Thomas. (CHUCKLES)
Daisy.
- Eh! Hooked it.
- Eh.
Just the right amount, Mr. President.
Where's Elizabeth today?
She had a family conflict.
Talk about a swing.
She can't make the NSC game,
my wallet just says thank you.
BECKER (LAUGHS): Amen to that.
ELIZABETH: Yes!
Incredible. Your mom has always
been really turbo about this game.
- Mama needs that big...
- Whoa.
What is that up there?
- HENRY: Manatee?
- Manatee.
Yeah! Oh!
You guys should pay attention
and see how this is done.
I don't need a manatee.
- Is anyone getting reception in here?
- No. I'm just
- deleting photos.
- It's a total dead zone.
Maybe that's why
I still haven't heard from Russell.
Maybe the parking lot?
Hey, could we all put down our robots
and enjoy this family activity
that we insisted on doing?
- Come on!
- Okay, fine. Hand it over.
- Come on, here.
- There, you can do this one.
Wait, wait.
- Bring it straight back. Straight back.
- Whoo!
Straight back. No spin, no spin!
ELIZABETH: Yeah, baby!
- KAT: Hey.
- BLAKE: Hey.
- What are you in for?
- Oh, self-imposed spring cleaning
M-Sec's personal files. You?
A big policy binder
for the Bureau
of South Central Asian Affairs
which isn't due for a month,
but it's keeping me awake at night.
Do you need some help?
- I'm almost done with my pathology.
- Really?
No, really.
It's a 500-page dossier,
and it's not exactly a potboiler.
I'd like to dip my toe
in another department.
Oh.
I should also get a more concrete idea
of what I'm supposed to do next.
Well, if you still want
to do policy after this,
you may have found your
calling, my friend.
Great.
DALTON: That really was
- a hell of a drive, Gordon.
- Well, thank you, sir.
My lucky day, I guess.
Not if POTUS cuts your budget.
(CHUCKLES) Thank you, Russell.
Now, do I have to wonder
every time I win
if it's because someone
was afraid of me?
Well, you really weren't
wondering that already, sir?
(PHONE PLAYING ALARM TONE)
That's a soothing ring choice.
It's STRATCOM.
This is NSA Ellen Hill.
Charlie.
Delta. Three. Three. Niner. Seven.
What's going on?
Confidence level?
Gather the NSC plus five
and kick it to CiC comms
- immediately.
- What the hell is it?
Early warning satellites
detected multiple Russian launches.
- What?!
- Salnikov can't be that crazy.
He said he'd get us back after Syria.
- By launching nukes?
- AGENT: Cover Falcon! Cover Falcon!
CIA's psych eval of Salnikov
indicated volatility and mood swings.
We just killed
- 300 Russians in Aleppo.
- Mr. President,
I have STRATCOM.
Put them on speaker, Captain.
Yes, sir.
Colonel McPherson is on the line.
- McPherson?
- General Bradley is off duty, sir.
NSC plus five is being patched in.
Colonel McPherson, what's the sitrep?
Mr. President,
SSPARS is now tracking
more than 400 Russian ICBMs
heading for U.S. mainland,
striking in about 20 minutes.
- Oh, my God.
- What about our monitoring stations?
London and Alaska already
confirmed; Greenland on alert.
Is there anything
indicating otherwise?
- No, sir.
- Do we have all NSC on the line?
All but Secretary McCord
and DNI Ware, sir.
We can't reach them.
Does anyone have any reason to believe
that our systems could be wrong?
Admiral Forsyth here, Mr. President.
It's a long shot, but we've
always worried about a hack.
Not possible.
The network's air gapped and continually
monitored for unauthorized code.
Now is not the time to be defensive
about our systems, Gordon.
Colonel, is there anything indicating
a possible intrusion
in the network, anything at all?
No, sir. Every indication
is that we are under attack,
Mr. President.
Sir, I recommend initiating
Night Watch continuity
of government protocol immediately.
Do it. Major, open the football.
ELIZABETH: Three, two, one...
ALISON: Dad,
you're already so far behind.
HENRY: Well, I...
- Put your foot on the gas!
What are those...
those oil can things?
You have to grab them, Dad,
so you can leave the oil slicks.
- I'll crash.
- It's okay to crash.
I can't crash... I'm a trained pilot.
These things have consequences.
It's called Redline Rampage,
you got to be
a little bit more rampage-y...
(ALL SHOUTING)
(CHUCKLES) Oh...
I am seriously stunned to
be beating you right now.
I mean, I don't know what's happening.
Well, don't get used to it.
And you can stop with the...
- (PHONE CHIMES)
- psych-out.
MATT: That was uncalled for.
Is everything okay?
Uh, family emergency.
- Is Chloe okay?
- Yeah.
I, uh... I just have to go.
Sorry.
DALTON: Major Attack Option Three
takes out all of their
military installations
but limits civilian casualties.
Problem with that
is we can't guarantee
- it neutralizes their entire military.
- Mr. President,
I strongly advise
Major Attack Option One.
I concur. Anything less
than the most
devastating counterstrike
invites a second wave,
killing even more Americans.
We need to get you
airborne, Mr. President.
HILL: Mr. President,
we're running out of time...
if you don't launch
before the Russian missiles hit,
they could take out our silos,
- severely limiting our response.
- We'd lose an entire leg
of the nuclear triad.
There has to be
a better option than just...
responding in kind
to an all-out Russian attack.
It'd almost certainly bring on
a nuclear winter,
killing everyone on the planet.
We have to think about that.
HILL: Nuclear winter
is a theory, Russell.
The president has to execute
what we've been gaming
and planning for decades.
There's only one way to fulfill your
constitutional obligation, Mr.
President.
It's Major Attack Option One.
Does anyone disagree
with that assessment?
Do we have the Pentagon
War Room on the line?
Yes, Mr. President.
General Nelson here.
Ready to authenticate
the nuclear launch codes
on your call.
♪
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Subtitle sync and corrections by
awaqeded for www.addic7ed.com.
(MAN AND WOMAN MOANING)
(NELSON CHUCKLES)
(KNOCKING)
(PLAYFUL GROWL)
Housekeeping. Ignore it.
- It's 11:00, doofus.
- Mm-hmm.
(LOUD KNOCKING)
That really isn't housekeeping.
(SIGHS)
- Sorry to interrupt.
- Angela.
See you in court, you bastard.
Looks like you got a late
start this morning, Dave.
Long night. Not much sleep.
Teenagers, huh? No, the kids are fine.
I think.
I didn't go home.
Angie served me with
divorce papers last night.
Oh, man. I had no idea.
Could you believe it?
New keyboards are pretty sweet, too.
Yeah, just the right resistance.
(MONITOR BEEPING)
Teykovo and Kartaly lighting up.
I've got Kozelsk
and Yurya. Talbot, report.
Dozens of launches across Russia.
Get any warnings from FSB about tests?
- No, sir.
- Anybody... anything on MOLINK?
No reports, sir.
SSPARS, report.
Confirmation from Thule
and Fylingdales.
More than a hundred so far.
Not in range of Alaska yet.
I have trajectory.
Mainland U.S., coast
to coast, top to bottom.
Get me CiC's crisis coordinator.
(PHONE PLAYING ALARM TONE)
- Soothing ring choice.
- It's STRATCOM.
This is NSA Ellen Hill.
DALTON: Do we have the Pentagon
War Room on the line?
Yes, Mr. President.
General Nelson here.
Ready to authenticate
the nuclear launch codes
on your call.
I'm ready for your
challenge code, General.
Tango. Delta. Seven. Eight.
Two. Two. Victor.
November. Niner. Five. Eight. Two.
Copy, sir. Your orders?
DALTON: Zulu. Echo. Six.
Two. Five.
Eight.
Confirming. Zulu. Echo.
Six. Two. Five. Eight, sir.
Over.
Confirmed.
NELSON: Copy, Mr. President.
Godspeed, sir.
(COMPUTER BEEPS)
- General Nelson.
- What?
Your security clearance
has been revoked
under the Personnel
Reliability Program.
We're at war, damn it.
And you must leave the building.
What the hell is this about?
Your divorce, General.
Captain Barnes. Yes, ma'am. Copy.
The Pentagon War Room
cannot issue the EAM
to launch control centers.
- Since when?
- What the hell?
Look, I'm sorry, sir,
but you need to reissue
the order to STRATCOM.
MCPHERSON: Tango.
Delta. Seven. Eight. Two. Two.
Victor. November. Niner.
Five. Eight. Two.
MCPHERSON: Copy.
Your orders, Mr. President?
Zulu. Echo. Six. Two. Five. Eight.
Confirming. Zulu. Echo.
Six. Two. Five. Eight. Sir. Over.
Confirmed. God bless, Colonel.
Thank you, Mr. President.
There's no turning back now.
(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
- (ALARM BLARING)
- Here we go.
Not a drill.
Unlock launch keys.
I agree.
Alpha. Zulu.
X-Ray.
I have a match.
Authentication confirmed.
I agree.
Belt up.
Insert launch keys.
ELIZABETH: Hey!
Where is everybody?
I'm going for a personal best here.
- Ma'am.
- Huh?
We have to get you off the premises.
- Now.
- What's this about?
Code Night Watch, ma'am.
Okay, wait, hold on, my family.
- What's going on?
- We're trying to reach the secretary.
There's no reception in here.
We have Mr. Jackson
on the line outside.
Okay, um, I'll be right back.
What the hell's going on?
RUSSELL: It's real.
The Russians launched
the kitchen sink.
What?
You should be heading
to Mount Weather.
Wait. Where's the rest of the NSC?
Aren't we advising POTUS
on countermeasures?
RUSSELL: We already did.
The president ordered
Major Attack Option One.
It's done.
Oh, my God. I...
Bess, just go.
ELIZABETH: Yeah.
You take care, okay?
We have a helicopter on top
of the Unified building.
We have to hurry.
No, no. I-I'm not, I'm not going.
I'm-I'm gonna stay with my family.
Ma'am?
Try Deputy Cushing. Go.
I'm trying to decide
if I should call Carol...
and the boys.
What's the point?
(ALARM BLARING)
There's no turning back now.
Keep working. Man your stations.
- Initiate Major Attack Option One.
- I agree.
- Shut up.
- Stop coaching.
Okay, wait, hold on, my family.
Too much skill.
Bess, just go, okay?
Mid-course phase. Warheads detaching.
Tracking more than 2,000.
No, no! Abort! Abort!
General Bradley...
Now! Send a new EAM aborting it!
Do it! Oh, for God's sake.
- Abort, abort.
- Come on.
- Silo covers clear.
- Agreed.
STEVIE: Oh, my God.
Launch actions. Hands on keys.
I agree.
Fire on my mark. Three, two, one,
- mark.
- (ALARM BEEPING)
Ma'am.
We're off Code Night Watch.
All clear.
Wait, that's... that's confirmed?
Yes, ma'am.
All clear.
Thank you, Jimmy. Thank you.
(SOBBING)
Mom? Mom.
Are you okay?
Oh, I just got so light-headed.
HENRY: Uh, she forgot to eat.
So, Jace, just go get her a
pizza or something, okay?
I need...
- Eat, Mom.
- Okay, yeah.
Okay. (CHUCKLES)
STEVIE: You ready for this?
(BOTH LAUGHING)
Problem solved?
He's not gonna like it.
POTUS was head faked
into ordering Armageddon.
Not gonna like it is
the least of your worries.
I just had a nice chat
about organic juicing
with my son in Santa Barbara,
who I thought I was
never going to see again,
so this better be good, Gordon.
As you recall, sir,
STRATCOM recently upgraded
its systems; hardware,
software...
Are you telling me this
was some kind of glitch?
No, sir.
Apparently, General Bradley
wanted to run a stress test
on this new equipment
to see how it would
interact with personnel.
- A stress test?
- So he had his CTO
upload a simulation
on the backup system
at the end of his shift last night
because he wasn't gonna
be in for the weekend.
God forbid he be inconvenienced.
DALTON: A simulation?
I almost ended the world
because of a simulation?
Bradley didn't inform staff.
He wanted them to believe it was real.
Planned on running it
when he got back in,
but the primary system
unexpectedly failed
and the backup came on seamlessly,
so no one in the GOC knew.
Pretty convincing simulation.
I think that's the point.
Fire Bradley.
I've already relieved him
of duty, sir.
HILL: Didn't we change our procedures
on simulations after '79?
Supposed to be on computers off-site.
Like many four stars,
Bradley doesn't lack confidence.
He ignored the rule.
And what if General Nelson
didn't have clearance issues?
Would Bradley have arrived
in time to abort the launches?
No, sir. It slowed the order
by almost two minutes.
We were down to the wire
in a few of our
launch control centers.
So the world was saved
by a philandering general.
Maybe his mistress should get a medal.
I've ordered a review
of our alert procedures, sir,
- system wide.
- Well,
that ought to take care of it.
We've been on this posture
for over 50 years,
what else do we need to know?
- What are you getting at, Bess?
- Isn't the problem
the policy itself?
Being on hair-trigger alert
to order the destruction
- of the planet.
- HILL: Like you said,
it's worked for 50 years.
I didn't say it's worked.
It's more like...
we've been lucky.
The Russians are on ready-alert, too.
What choice do we have,
but to counterbalance?
De-alert our silos.
And how exactly
would we do that?
Remove the warheads from the missiles.
So it'd take several hours
or days to rearm. If we de-alert
our ICBMs, it would put
too much pressure
on the other forces
of the nuclear triad.
- There's a reason a stool has three legs.
- Our subs become vulnerable.
If there's a problem
with our bombers...
We have 14 stealth subs,
each with more than enough
warheads to destroy Russia.
We have a hundred
nuclear-armed bombers.
Clinging to the notion
that we need to maintain
ready-alert ICBMs,
that means STRATCOM has three minutes
to make the call
to the crisis coordinator,
who has two minutes
to call the president.
And then POTUS has five minutes
to make a decision.
I mean, talk about vulnerability.
It's insanity.
After what happened today,
how could we come
to any other conclusion?
Maybe you should stay
in your lane, Elizabeth.
Not if you're gonna blow up
- the entire highway, Gordon.
- HILL: Okay, okay.
Fine. Even if we got
the Russians to go along
with the de-alerting,
there would be no way
we could verify that they
were holding up their end.
We verified START I and II.
And what if there's a crisis
and we have to go back on alert?
A frenetic and unstable
re-alerting race
could spiral into a launch.
That threat could be managed.
But forcing leaders
to make a snap decision
about nuclear war with limited
and hastily compiled
information is untenable.
That's the game we're in,
and it's not gonna change.
Why are you so dug in
that you-you can't even see
another point of view?
I'm not gonna argue.
You're obviously having
an emotional reaction.
Normally, I would have a
problem with a man telling me
that I was emotional at work,
but after what happened today,
after thinking that I
was seeing my kids
for the very last time,
you are damn right I'm emotional.
And maybe emotion is what's missing
from the stupid, so-called logic
behind our dehumanized
nuclear posture.
You know what's even stupider?
We've been here before.
1979,
like you alluded to,
only back then it was NORAD.
They kicked it up to the NSA,
who almost alerted Jimmy Carter
because a simulation
was triggered between shifts.
Talk about not learning a lesson.
How many times today did we hear,
"This can't be a mistake.
This can't be a mistake"?
Meanwhile, satellites pick up
a couple routine launches
practically every day,
STRATCOM automatically starts
the drill in response,
again and again, rinse and repeat.
Bess is right.
This-this is not
a rational, deliberate process.
It-it's the rote enactment
of a prepared script
that forces leaders
to render decisions
determining the fate
of the planet and mankind
under excruciating pressure.
If we, if we don't do
everything in our power
to fix it, reduce the odds
of this happening again,
then aren't we all complicit
in recklessness
that borders on immorality?
We'll talk again tomorrow.
(GROANS) Russell hasn't
gotten back to me,
and Emma is freaking out.
God, she wants the whole guest list
two months in advance; I mean, like,
people lose their minds over weddings.
ALISON: And what's with
Turks and Caicos?
- Can you even afford that?
- STEVIE: No!
I cannot, I can't eat out
for an entire month.
It is very insensitive of her.
- So blow it off.
- She's one of my best friends.
I can't do that.
You know, you guys,
just go on, we got this.
- Okay.
- Back to compulsively checking my blog.
Oh, yeah,
- when is your project due?
- Um, a week from Friday.
I can't normalize.
Me, either.
How do we get our lives back?
We just keep doing it, I guess.
What were you thinking about,
when we were waiting?
What a lucky man I am.
What a blessed life I'd had.
But sad, you know,
for the kids, for the future
they wouldn't get to have.
Me, too.
(PHONE VIBRATES)
(SIGHS SOFTLY)
Conrad's here.
I thought of telling Lydia,
but she was washing her face,
complaining about her crow's feet.
I told her all I see
are those beautiful eyes,
and she called me a liar.
(LAUGHS SOFTLY)
If only she knew how beautiful
she looked tonight.
Ignorance really is bliss.
Whole country.
World.
Oblivious.
HENRY: Well.
We were all in that oblivion
for a little while,
but now there's no going back.
No, indeed.
When I believed
the Russians had launched,
I kept trying to understand why.
I thought, if it's all going to hell,
and I'm responsible for half of it,
I should at least comprehend it.
HENRY: And what did you come up with?
Well, you're gonna laugh.
And it's not the perfect analogue,
Professor.
That fable about
the scorpion and the frog.
(BOTH CHUCKLE)
Well, that sounds about right.
I thought, well, we killed
300 Russians in Syria last week.
It must just be
President Salnikov's nature
to retaliate
with everything they've got.
I know it doesn't make sense,
but that's what keeps
spinning in my mind.
Things that don't make sense.
Like what if these
missiles don't protect us
nearly as much as they threaten us?
We need to do everything we can
to make sure
that our policies make sense,
and if they don't,
we need to change them.
I thought you wanted to sleep on it.
I did.
Until I realized I can't sleep
without doing something.
Name it.
Back channel with the Russians.
I'm guessing they got a whiff
of our silo doors opening.
If you can get any interest
in mutual de-alerting,
maybe we push for a new treaty.
I'll drink to that.
Isn't it a little late to call Moscow?
Avdonin is in the Caymans
at a banking conference...
or money laundering.
I want to back channel
right in front of him
on this one.
DAISY: Hey, gang.
- Pass me that pitcher, and a straw.
- ALL: Hey.
What news from the world?
Same. Just cable news
continuously reporting
on Marine One landing
on the golf course,
Air Force One's mystery flight,
and high-level officials
being whisked away
and all of a sudden, returned.
Well, everyone at
the White House is saying
that it was some kind of drill, so...
For nuclear evacuation... also,
I have a friend at the Pentagon
- saying it wasn't a drill.
- What?
Hey, you were whisked away
from the tennis courts.
That was a nanny thing.
No, that wasn't your nanny face.
Here's what I think.
I think it wasn't a drill,
and Jay got whisked.
Because he's on the list.
What list?
The list, dude, the-the people
that get taken to Mount Weather.
It's an underground
city where they keep
a small population going
for a couple of years.
How do you know if you're on the list?
Well, they tell you.
For example, I know
I am not on the list, so...
My skin will be melting off my bones
along with all of you lovely people.
Thanks.
- You're welcome.
- (SNORTS)
But you're-you're on it,
though, aren't you?
I mean, come on, you can tell us.
We're not gonna hold it against you.
Can we change the subject?
- Seriously. Seriously.
- Uh-oh.
I knew it.
I'm not saying I'm on the list.
(LAUGHS)
But let me, let me just tell you
what that particular
privilege buys you.
Mm-hmm. Tell him.
You get whisked away, you do...
Mm-hmm.
...without saying good-bye
to your friends and family.
And then, you get to be
in an underground bunker
with generals and top government
brass for weeks or months,
eating MREs and
drinking ionized water.
You emerge
after the radiation's
reduced to livable levels,
at which point, you get to try
to pick out your loved ones' bones
from the rubble and ash.
And then, you spend
however many years
running the bombed out husk
of the former United States
government under martial law.
That's not a list
that you want to be on.
Have a good night.
- Good night.
He's definitely on the list.
(KNOCKING ON DOOR)
Secretary McCord.
I was surprised to hear you
requested to meet
after what happened
in Syria last week.
The loss of life was tragic,
and I am truly sorry
for the soldiers' families.
But that's not why I'm here.
Did you not get the message
that I declined this meeting?
I did.
Yet you flew over a thousand
miles just to come here anyway.
How do you say, "This better be good."
(EXHALES)
We need to overhaul
our nuclear weapons posture.
Oh, is that all?
Specifically, the hair trigger.
Alert status, you call it
boy-eh-voy stat-tohs.
Curious timing.
GRU reported an interesting
military exercise
your country performed yesterday.
(SIGHS)
Well, let's just say,
made a compelling argument
for de-alerting.
You must have had quite a day.
I can get another one.
No, thanks.
All I'm asking is if you think
there might be
an opening for a new treaty.
De-alerting.
Maybe even reducing stockpiles.
We cherish our children
as much as you do, Elizabeth.
This... this is an initial proposal
for a framework.
We could... even start now.
Gordon Becker, ma'am.
I heard about your little jaunt
to the Caymans.
Well, yeah, I alerted your office.
And... coffee?
You're giving the
president bad advice.
Well, isn't that for him to decide?
I know you're the Dalton whisperer,
but now you're getting into just...
Excuse me, what?
Oh, come on, Elizabeth.
Everybody knows you play
the friend card with him.
Really?
I'm just trying to decide
if that's more insulting
to me or POTUS.
Look, I've never balked at
your out-of-the-box ideas
when it comes to diplomacy,
but now you're infringing
on national security.
Well, as a member of
the National Security Council,
I fail to see how
I'm infringing on anything.
You are threatening
long-standing security policy.
Threatening?
If questioning how things
have been done is threatening,
- doesn't that tell you something?
- Fine.
I'm happy to authorize
a thorough feasibility review.
Feasibility of what?
No one questions that we can de-alert.
There's nothing not feasible about it.
I think we need to study that.
You mean jam it up.
And kill any hope of passage
in the Senate,
where there is literally
an ICBM caucus.
Politics ain't beanbag.
No. No, it ain't.
So what's it gonna take
to move you on this, Gordon?
I mean, how can we work together
to make this world
a safer place for our kids?
Our kids are safest
when we maintain the most
robust deterrent possible
to Russian aggression.
Look what happened last week in Syria.
They saw weakness in our
relationship with Turkey,
and not 24 hours later,
they were exploiting it
to attack our troops.
But is a regional dust-up
really comparable
to what happened yesterday?
Giving up even a shred
of strategic advantage...
I'll never get behind it.
After decades in the Pentagon,
that's just where I am.
You need to let this go.
♪
ALISON: I totally need
to change my project.
I need at least
50 likes on my blog post
to qualify, and I'm at 28.
What is wrong with people?
Uh, they don't care about ponchos.
That's my first guess.
STEVIE: Russell Jackson
is ruining my life.
I have texted him twice
and e-mailed once
about Emma's wedding... radio silence.
I mean, what else
am I supposed to be doing?!
Maybe just give him a few more days.
I just feel like he could
show me the respect
of a one-word response.
You know? Like, come on,
other people have lives.
Oh, for Pete's sake, Stevie,
the man's busy.
He has a lot more on his mind
than your spoiled friend's
Caribbean wedding.
Okay, Mom might be just
a little bit over-carbed.
We're gonna take a time out.
Come on.
ELIZABETH: They gotta hand it to me,
first real snap
since this whole thing started.
- Okay, what's going on?
- You mean, other than seeing
my life go up in a nuclear flash?
- Uh... yeah, other than that.
- (SIGHS)
Gordon and Ellen are still against...
taking our nukes off the hair trigger.
Even with Russian cooperation.
- (SIGHS)
- I mean, it's like
I went and I got the witch's broom
and the Wizard still
won't send me home.
I... Now I understand why
they call the inner sanctum
at the Pentagon the "priesthood".
Our nuclear stance is,
like, their dogma.
Even the most stodgy
religious institutions
can change with time.
Yeah, well, we don't have that.
And the Catholic Church
was never in danger
of blowing up the world
while they were evolving. It's...
Okay, let's use the Socratic method.
- Oh, please.
- How do you get both the Church
and the government to change
their position on anything?
I don't... I don't know.
(SIGHS HEAVILY)
Popular demand.
And where does
popular demand come from?
You mean other than the people?
Why did the Protestant
Reformation happen?
Hurry this up, Socrates.
The printing press.
Putting the Bible
into the hands of the people.
The Church couldn't control
the information anymore.
Declassify.
If you want to change
our nuclear policy,
you need the people on your side.
To get them, you need
to tell them how close we came.
♪
RUSSELL: Why the hell
would we declassify any of it?
(SIGHS) Because sunlight
is the best disinfectant.
Yes, and it causes cancer, too.
Sir, I am convinced that the only way
to move the Senate on de-alerting
is to bring the public into it.
- By scaring the crap out of them.
- Yes, exactly.
The secrecy has...
lulled everybody into this
false sense of security.
It's time we wake 'em up.
Then they'll pressure
their senators, you think,
into, uh, getting on board
with de-alerting?
I do.
Or it'll be a black eye
on this administration.
Hmm.
Hell, it could put us in traction,
giving more ammo to our already
considerable opposition in Congress,
and you'll be the lamest lame duck
in history, sir.
So release it all.
Every...
false alarm, glitch and close call
all the way back to the '50s,
including by the Russians.
And the priesthood will buckle.
Well, certainly those in the Senate
worried about the next election.
I say yeah.
Let's scare the crap out of America.
- 35 seconds, Mr. President.
- Thank you, Amy.
Lock it up, everyone.
- 30 seconds.
- Well...
- any second thoughts?
- (SIGHS): Always.
But... it's a bold move, sir.
Hey, I, uh, heard you're
working on a model airplane.
- Corsair.
- From who?
15 seconds.
If you could please have
a seat, Mr. President.
Break a leg, sir.
Are we sure this is
the right color tie?
(MAN CHUCKLES)
And five, four, three...
Good evening, my fellow Americans.
I want to share with you
a crisis that unfolded
this past Saturday.
Fortunately, it was resolved
with no harm done,
but as stakeholders in our
nation's safety and security,
you deserve to know what happened.
At 10:48 in the morning,
I was informed that Russia
had launched a massive nuclear attack
against the United States.
Every indication was that it was real
and would strike in 20 minutes.
My fellow citizens...
I ordered an equally
massive counterattack.
NEWSWOMAN: After weeks of protest
in the U.S. and around the globe,
the United States and Russia
have agreed to a treaty
to take their ICBMs
off hair-trigger alert.
Seeing the overwhelming popular
support for the new policy,
a supermajority of U.S. senators
have signaled
they will ratify the treaty,
which would also draw
clear parameters...
U.S.-India Strategic
and Commercial Dialogue Support
for local female entrepreneurs
manufacturing sea salt in Indonesia.
Fact-checked and footnoted,
with alphabetical headings
and subheadings.
(WHISPERS): Boom.
I say "boom" sometimes.
No, I'm just... I am staggered
by your speed and persistence.
Well, they're my superpowers.
(LAUGHS) Good job.
All right, go, go, go.
Go have a Saturday.
(CLEARS THROAT)
What's up?
I want more.
Oh, my God, you're one of us.
Okay, um...
earthquake resilience
development in Turkmenistan.
Boom.
Come on, Waffles.
Come on. Let's get a break.
MAN: Hey, is that a beagle?
Sure is.
- Rumor is his parents were show dogs.
- (LAUGHS)
You get him, uh, from a breeder?
No, he's a rescue.
I've been thinking of doing that.
How's it working out?
Well, so far, so good.
JAY: Right where we left off.
One-four, my serve.
Man, I can't even believe
I got a point off of you,
- let alone, what, four games?
- Will you stop?
You're going down.
I hope you're hungry,
- 'cause you're gonna eat this.
- Let's go.
(VIDEO GAME TIRES SCREECH)
ALISON: See, Dad?
Once you got over the
not-crashing phase,
you're unstoppable.
I love crashing. It's my thing.
Okay, well, the game's not over yet.
STEVIE: All but the crying.
He's five laps ahead.
Okay, I'm making nachos.
Ooh, yes, please. And guacamole.
I am only one person.
(GROANS) Okay, I'll chop and shred.
- You mean like I'm doing right now?
- Oh, okay, yeah, keep it up.
They did a nice job of sodding over
where Marine One landed.
Almost like it never happened.
(CHUCKLES): Yeah. Almost.
Take it, uh...
Gordon and Ellen bowed
politely out of the game?
Quite politely. (CHUCKLES)
They're still stinging
over de-alerting, but...
they'll come around.
I am just grateful to play
a quiet round of golf
without worrying about nuclear winter.
Not that it
can't happen anyway, but...
at least we, uh,
turned the odds
significantly in our favor.
(CHUCKLES): Bess...
you want to go ahead
and put him out of his bliss?
Well, actually,
I'm a little rusty, but...
Huh.
I let the president win.
HENRY: Smart.
Russell I hammered.
(CHUCKLES): Good for you.
So, what's this return visit about?
Sort of a... full-circle celebration?
Sorta. It just...
felt appropriate.
This whole ordeal has reminded me
about the importance of civic duty.
It's reaffirmed my faith
in the process, you know?
I do.
We got this enormous
thing done, Henry,
and I feel a responsibility
to make sure it doesn't get undone.
When the time comes...
...I want to run for president.
I know.
- You do?
- Mm-hmm.
Wow. I really didn't.
But that's nothing new.
There's one other thing I know.
I'm with you.
Subtitle sync and corrections by
awaqeded for www.addic7ed.com.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from OpenSubtitles.org